README.md, before:

# NativeScript plugin for LivePerson LiveEngage

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/nativescript-live-engage.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nativescript-live-engage)
[![Dependency Status](https://img.shields.io/david/essent/nativescript-live-engage.svg?style=flat-square)](https://david-dm.org/essent/nativescript-live-engage)
[![devDependency Status](https://img.shields.io/david/dev/essent/nativescript-live-engage.svg?style=flat-square)](https://david-dm.org/essent/nativescript-live-engage#info=devDependencies)

This is a plugin to show the conversation from a LiveEngage chat, using the LP-Messaging SDK ([Android](https://github.com/LP-Messaging/Android-Messaging-SDK) v2.8, [iOS](https://github.com/LP-Messaging/iOS-Messaging-SDK) v2.8.4).
To use this plugin you need to have an account from [LivePerson](https://www.liveperson.com).

### Successfully Tested with the following configurations

> test case
- tns cli version 3.1.0
- tns-core-modules 3.1.0
- android 3.1.0
- ios 3.1.0

# Usage

## Demo

Check out the [demo](./demo) folder for a sample usage.

## Angular 2

Usage:

1. Add the plugin to your project:

  ```ts
  tns plugin add nativescript-live-engage
  ```

2. At the launch of your app call `initializeChat` with your credentials (our example [main.ts](./demo/app/main.ts)):

  ```ts
  LiveEngage.getInstance().initializeChat('12345678', 'com.example.myapp');
  ```

4. To open the chat window call `showChat`:
```ts
  LiveEngage.getInstance().showChat();
  ```

5. For Android:
Make sure the main activity in your AndroidManifest extends `android.support.v7.app.AppCompatActivity`, check out our [main activity](./demo/app/activity.android.ts) as an example.

    Include the following dependencies in the include.gradle file of your app:
```html
  compile "com.android.support:appcompat-v7:24.2.1"
  compile "com.android.support:design:24.2.1"
  compile "com.android.support:percent:24.2.1"
  compile 'com.android.support.constraint:constraint-layout:1.0.0-beta4'

  compile 'com.squareup.picasso:picasso:2.5.2'
  compile 'com.neovisionaries:nv-websocket-client:1.31'
  compile 'com.squareup.okhttp3:okhttp:3.6.0'
  ```

6. Optional: Add the first name, last name, nick name, avatar url or phone number of a user.

  ```html
  const chatProfile: ChatProfile = {
              firstName: 'Jane',
              lastName: 'Doe',
              nickName: 'JD',
              phone: '0132100000',
              avatarUrl: ''
          };
  LiveEngage.getInstance().setUserProfileValues(chatProfile);
  ```
7. Optional: Add a JWT token for oAuth support when starting a conversation. Make sure you configure the Live Person data source to support the oAuth 2 authentication in terms of Live person public keys, Signing identities and possible (custom) claims definitions. Make sure to call this method before you start the conversation.

  ```
  setAuthenticationCode('<JWT encoded token string>');
  ```

### Hiding chat
When you want to hide the chat window programmatically call `closeChat()`.

```ts
LiveEngage.getInstance().closeChat();
```

### Logging Out
When you want to remove all user data and unregister for push notifications call `killChat()`.

```ts
LiveEngage.getInstance().killChat()
            .then(() => {
                console.log('killChat success');
            }).catch((error: any) => {
                console.log('killChat error', error);
        });
```

### Push Notifications
To recieve push notifications when the agent sends a new message you need to send the push token to LivePerson.
When you have a push token (GCM for Android and APNS for iOS) you can send it to LivePerson using `registerPushToken`
```ts
LiveEngage.getInstance().registerPushToken('your-token');
```

#### Parsing message on Android
To parse the push notification message on android in `onMessageReceived()` in your GcmListenerService, use `parsePushMessage()`.
This will return a `PushMessageParser` object which has the method `getMessage()` to return the title of the push message.
```ts
try {
    const message = LiveEngage.getInstance().parsePushMessage(data);
    console.log(message.getMessage());
} catch (e) {
    console.error("Failed to parse message:", e);
}
```

### Development setup

For easier development and debugging purposes continue with the following steps:

Open a command prompt/terminal, navigate to src folder and run ```npm run demo.ios``` or ```npm run demo.android``` to run the demo.

Open another command prompt/terminal, navigate to src folder and run ```npm run plugin.tscwatch``` to watch for file changes in your plugin.

Now go and make a change to your plugin. It will be automatically applied to the demo project.

### Clean plugin and demo files

Sometimes you may need to wipe away the node_modules and demo/platforms folders to reinstall them fresh.

Run ```npm run clean``` to wipe those clean then you can can run ```npm i``` to install fresh dependencies.
Sometimes you just need to wipe out the demo's platforms directory only:

Run ```npm run demo.reset``` to delete the demo's platforms directory only.
Sometimes you may need to ensure plugin files are updated in the demo:

Run ```npm run plugin.prepare``` will do a fresh build of the plugin then remove itself from the demo and add it back for assurance.

Commit message:

Added readme explanation for keychain sharing

README.md, after:

# NativeScript plugin for LivePerson LiveEngage

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/nativescript-live-engage.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nativescript-live-engage)
[![Dependency Status](https://img.shields.io/david/essent/nativescript-live-engage.svg?style=flat-square)](https://david-dm.org/essent/nativescript-live-engage)
[![devDependency Status](https://img.shields.io/david/dev/essent/nativescript-live-engage.svg?style=flat-square)](https://david-dm.org/essent/nativescript-live-engage#info=devDependencies)

This is a plugin to show the conversation from a LiveEngage chat, using the LP-Messaging SDK ([Android](https://github.com/LP-Messaging/Android-Messaging-SDK) v2.8, [iOS](https://github.com/LP-Messaging/iOS-Messaging-SDK) v2.8.4).
To use this plugin you need to have an account from [LivePerson](https://www.liveperson.com).

### Successfully Tested with the following configurations

> test case
- tns cli version 3.1.0
- tns-core-modules 3.1.0
- android 3.1.0
- ios 3.1.0

# Usage

## Demo

Check out the [demo](./demo) folder for a sample usage.

## Angular 2

Usage:

1. Add the plugin to your project:

  ```ts
  tns plugin add nativescript-live-engage
  ```

2. At the launch of your app call `initializeChat` with your credentials (our example [main.ts](./demo/app/main.ts)):

  ```ts
  LiveEngage.getInstance().initializeChat('12345678', 'com.example.myapp');
  ```

4. To open the chat window call `showChat`:
```ts
  LiveEngage.getInstance().showChat();
  ```

5. For iOS:
You need to enable keychain sharing, to do this we need a custom entitlements file with a keychain-access-groups key.

    Add [nativescript-custom-entitlements](https://github.com/Essent/nativescript-custom-entitlements) to your devDependencies and create a new entitlements file like our example [app.entitlements](./demo/app/App_Resources/iOS/app.entitlements):

6. For Android:
Make sure the main activity in your AndroidManifest extends `android.support.v7.app.AppCompatActivity`, check out our [main activity](./demo/app/activity.android.ts) as an example.

    Include the following dependencies in the include.gradle file of your app:
```html
  compile "com.android.support:appcompat-v7:24.2.1"
  compile "com.android.support:design:24.2.1"
  compile "com.android.support:percent:24.2.1"
  compile 'com.android.support.constraint:constraint-layout:1.0.0-beta4'

  compile 'com.squareup.picasso:picasso:2.5.2'
  compile 'com.neovisionaries:nv-websocket-client:1.31'
  compile 'com.squareup.okhttp3:okhttp:3.6.0'
  ```

7. Optional: Add the first name, last name, nick name, avatar url or phone number of a user.

  ```html
  const chatProfile: ChatProfile = {
              firstName: 'Jane',
              lastName: 'Doe',
              nickName: 'JD',
              phone: '0132100000',
              avatarUrl: ''
          };
  LiveEngage.getInstance().setUserProfileValues(chatProfile);
  ```
8. Optional: Add a JWT token for oAuth support when starting a conversation. Make sure you configure the Live Person data source to support the oAuth 2 authentication in terms of Live person public keys, Signing identities and possible (custom) claims definitions. Make sure to call this method before you start the conversation.

  ```
  setAuthenticationCode('<JWT encoded token string>');
  ```

### Hiding chat
When you want to hide the chat window programmatically call `closeChat()`.

```ts
LiveEngage.getInstance().closeChat();
```

### Logging Out
When you want to remove all user data and unregister for push notifications call `killChat()`.

```ts
LiveEngage.getInstance().killChat()
            .then(() => {
                console.log('killChat success');
            }).catch((error: any) => {
                console.log('killChat error', error);
        });
```

### Push Notifications
To recieve push notifications when the agent sends a new message you need to send the push token to LivePerson.
When you have a push token (GCM for Android and APNS for iOS) you can send it to LivePerson using `registerPushToken`
```ts
LiveEngage.getInstance().registerPushToken('your-token');
```

#### Parsing message on Android
To parse the push notification message on android in `onMessageReceived()` in your GcmListenerService, use `parsePushMessage()`.
This will return a `PushMessageParser` object which has the method `getMessage()` to return the title of the push message.
```ts
try {
    const message = LiveEngage.getInstance().parsePushMessage(data);
    console.log(message.getMessage());
} catch (e) {
    console.error("Failed to parse message:", e);
}
```

### Development setup

For easier development and debugging purposes continue with the following steps:

Open a command prompt/terminal, navigate to src folder and run ```npm run demo.ios``` or ```npm run demo.android``` to run the demo.

Open another command prompt/terminal, navigate to src folder and run ```npm run plugin.tscwatch``` to watch for file changes in your plugin.

Now go and make a change to your plugin. It will be automatically applied to the demo project.

### Clean plugin and demo files

Sometimes you may need to wipe away the node_modules and demo/platforms folders to reinstall them fresh.

Run ```npm run clean``` to wipe those clean then you can can run ```npm i``` to install fresh dependencies.
Sometimes you just need to wipe out the demo's platforms directory only:

Run ```npm run demo.reset``` to delete the demo's platforms directory only.
Sometimes you may need to ensure plugin files are updated in the demo:

Run ```npm run plugin.prepare``` will do a fresh build of the plugin then remove itself from the demo and add it back for assurance.
